Kim Lip: We're
All: LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE
(LOOΠΔ O.E.C's LOONA Studio, START!)
(The first song is Starlight)
JinSoul: I was too nervous to get sleep!
JinSoul: And Kim Lip was nervous too.
JinSoul: Suddenly she got out of her bed
JinSoul: and ran around a living room~
(Kim Lip has been nervous since yesterday!)
Kim Lip: I was nervous to death!
(They talking about what happened while they were cleaning up their home)
Kim Lip: It look a long time to clean up the house
Kim Lip: And there are some episodes~
JinSoul: Some guys were mentioned a lot during cleaning up~
JinSoul: HeeJin!
Kim Lip: Jeon HeeJin, clear it away!
Kim Lip: Jeon HeeJin, take it away!
Kim Lip: Jeon HeeJin, take it back!
Kim Lip: HeeJin, you should do better~
Choerry: Unexpected!
Kim Lip: HeeJin, are you watching it now?
(The next person who is caught by Kim Lip's rader is JinSoul)
JinSoul -> The will to want to move
Choerry -> The ability to listen to alarm
JinSoul: I can move well like this, right? (Feat. HeeJin, HaSeul)
(They performing Sweet Crazy Love!)
(And their special cover performances!)
(O.E.C's LOONA Studio ended successfully as well~!)